END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT
---------------------------------------------------------
(1) You understand this is a hobby distribution; it is not to be used in production environments. By downloading, installing and using this distribution you agree that you understand you are not entitled to receive any kind of formal support.

(2) You understand all Nobara-specific packages and code modifications have been created by end-user individuals. There are no companies officially involved.

(3) You understand that this distribution is -NOT- to be considered a ‘Ubuntu Flavor’. It is completely independent project from Ubuntu, and there are no Ubuntu developers or parties involved. Nobara uses Ubuntu packages, code and repositories. That is the extent of the relation.

(4) By downloading, installing and using this distribution you agree that Nobara, Ubuntu, AMD, and PPA Launchpad related developers are -NOT- responsible for any kind of damages, data loss, or theft incurred during usage of this distribution and you will not attempt to pursue any legal actions against any of these parties or individuals related to these parties.

(5) This distribution provides third-party repositories and packages which are already enabled and installed for functionality. Which may -NOT- conform to Ubuntu's policies, found here:

	1. The official repo.radeon.com repo
	
    Provides firmware for AMDGPUs, ROCm and proprietary drivers if needed
    By using their proprietary drivers you agree to the AMD's Eula
    https://www.amd.com/en/support/eula
    
* Nobara is not associated with canonical or ubuntu
(6) You understand the nobara-appstream repository contains packages which may otherwise be available in repositories, but have been patched or modified by us:

(7) You understand the xone driver does not directly package or distribute any copyrighted firmware or other related data. Additional steps must be manually performed in order to install the firmware on the user end, documented here: https://nobaraproject.org/docs/xbox-controllers/known-issues/

---------------------------------------------------------
